Support array for all string ingest processors (#53343)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/ingest/processors/uppercase.asciidoc

[[uppercase-processor]]
=== Uppercase Processor

> Converts a string to its uppercase equivalent. If the field value is an array, all members will be converted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Converts a string to its uppercase equivalent. If the field is an array of strings, all members of the array will be converted.
```
